Add event `userData` (#31)
vtex-apps/google-tag-manager: docs/README.md

3. Type "campaignMedium" in "Data Layer Variable Name"
4. Click Save, and save as "Data Layer Variable - campaignMedium"

> Do the same thing for the variables: "campaignName", "campaignSource" and "userId". To know more about how to set up the "userId" variable check this [link](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/3123666?hl=en&ref_topic=3123660).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do the same thing for the variables: "campaignName", "campaignSource" and "userId".
```

6. Click in "Use data layer"
7. Click Save, and save as "Google Analytics" 

> If you are going to use the "userId" variable then do the following before step 7:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intend to use the [User ID feature of Google Analytics](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/3123662), you need to set a field using the userId variable previously created:
```
